c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\CICDProject.dll.config
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\CICDProject.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\CICDProject.pdb
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\obj\Debug\CICDProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\obj\Debug\CICDProject.dll
c:\users\thiep.vu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CICDProject\CICDProject\obj\Debug\CICDProject.pdb
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\CICDProject.dll.config
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\CICDProject.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\CICDProject.pdb
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\obj\Debug\CICDProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\obj\Debug\CICDProject.dll
C:\thiepvu\jenkins\workspace\abc\CICDProject\CICDProject\obj\Debug\CICDProject.pdb
